A feature of the simulation of the planets is the depiction of some space exploration missions. By clicking the key "m" the user can show or hide the missions that happened(or happen or will happen) near the date on the top-left part of the screen.

Which missions appear and for how long:

	In the program the missions are taken from the missions.xlsx file. In there, there are all the succesful missions to the outer planets.(so for example the Apollo program missions aren't there). In most cases the gravitational assist from a planet doesn't count. Each mission appears at least twice, once on Earth near its launching date and also near the planet(s) which the spacecraft reached.
	The missions appear for a certain time window depending on the simulation. On the 4-planets simulation most missions appear 20 days before and after lauch on Earth and 20 days before and after they reach a planet on that Planet. On the 8-planets simulation(which is moving faster) the missions appear one year before and one year after on Earth and the other Planets.
	Exception to the rules above are some missions who stayed or stay to a planet for a certain time longer than 1 year. These missions appear to this planet for longer until the date the spacecraft left/broke down. For the missions that are operational the time of making this program an ending date was chosen . Some missions have an expected life span so their ending date was based on that and for the others there was the arbitrary choice of 1/1/2025(with some exceptions)

What information there is in missions.xlsx and how to add more missions:

	In the missions.xlsx file there is all the information about the missions. In the A column there is the name of the mission. In the B column there is the number of the planet (from 0 to 7) with 0 being Mercury and 7 being Neptune. In the C column there is the date the event happened(or one of the days). Some dates are the launches or the closest approaches to the planets.  In  the D column there are some dates that mark the ending of their respective mission. In the E and F columns there are the starting and ending days in t equivalent for the 8-planet simulation and in the G and H the same for the 4-planet simulation. The I and J columns were used to calculate the t-equivalent of a day, 10 days and a year but they are not used for the program.

	The user has the ability to add more missions they see fit. (Some possible examples are the Apollo missions and future missions from the time the file was made). The way to do it is simple. 
	Firstly the user should go to the first unwritten row. Then the user should add the name of the mission(A column), the number of the planet with the code above(B column), an important day for the event (C column)and (optional) the last day of the event( D column). That can be repeated until all the new missions are added. After all the missions are added the file should be saved and closed. Then the file "new_missions.py" should be run and the code there will find and add the t-equivalents on the columns E-H. The libraries of this program are either pre-installed or already installed to run the main program.
